Improve docs (#7)
kyma-project/helm-broker: docs/run-local.md

```bash
minikube start
```

2. Create necessary CRDs:
```bash
kubectl apply -f config/crds/
```

3. Start etcd in a Docker container:
```bash
docker run \
  -p 2379:2379 \
  -p 2380:2380 \
  -d \
  quay.io/coreos/etcd:v3.3 \
  /usr/local/bin/etcd \
  --data-dir /etcd-data \
  --listen-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379 \
  --advertise-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379 \
  --listen-peer-urls http://0.0.0.0:2380 \
  --initial-advertise-peer-urls http://0.0.0.0:2380
```

4. Start the Broker:
```bash
APP_HELM_TILLER_TLS_ENABLED=false \
APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH=/Users/$User/.kube/config \
APP_CONFIG_FILE_NAME=contrib/local-etcd-config.yaml \
go run cmd/broker/main.go
```

Now you can test the Broker using the **/v2/catalog** endpoint.

```bash
curl -H "X-Broker-API-Version: 2.13" localhost:8080/cluster/v2/catalog
```

5. Start the Controller:
```bash
APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH=/Users/$User/.kube/config \
APP_DOCUMENTATION_ENABLED=false \
APP_TMP_DIR=/tmp APP_NAMESPACE=default \
APP_SERVICE_NAME=helm-broker \
APP_CONFIG_FILE_NAME=contrib/local-etcd-config.yaml \
APP_CLUSTER_SERVICE_BROKER_NAME=helm-broker \
APP_DEVELOP_MODE=true \
go run cmd/controller/main.go -metrics-addr ":8081"
```

> >**NOTE:** Not all features are available when you run the Helm Broker locally. All features which perform actions with Tiller do not work. Additionally, the Controller performs operations on ClusterServiceBroker/ServiceBroker resources, which needs the Service Catalog to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Not all features are available when you run the Helm Broker locally. All features which perform actions with Tiller do not work. Moreover, the Controller performs operations on ClusterServiceBroker/ServiceBroker resources, which needs the Service Catalog to work properly.
```

> >**NOTE:** You can run the Controller and the Broker configured with the in-memory storage (without etcd), but then the Broker cannot read data stored by the Controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the Controller and the Broker configured with the in-memory storage, but then the Broker cannot read data stored by the Controller. To run the Broker and the Controller without etcd, run these commands:
```
